doc: suit: user guide fixes for 2.7.0 (#15804)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_suit_customize_qsg.rst

Building the SUIT sample
************************

> Start by building the SUIT smp_transfer sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by building the :ref:`nrf54h_suit_sample` sample:
```

Author: Fixed

.. code-block:: console

   west build --sysbuild -b nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp nrf/samples/suit/smp_transfer

> This command builds the SUIT smp_transfer sample for the nRF54H20 SoC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command builds the :ref:`nrf54h_suit_sample` sample.
```
(The SoC is in the title of the sample doc.)

Author: Fixed

Modifying class and vendor identifiers
**************************************

> Replacing and using the correct class and vendor UUIDs prevents conflicts in the DFU process.

Reviewer 2: Can we try to elaborate more on it? That it assures that only firmware designed for this type of devices will be updated or sth like that?

Author: Ok, added an additional sentence with further explanation.
